The Cornell Natural Language Visual Reasoning (NLVR) Corpus v1.0

The corpus and task are described in:
A Corpus of Natural Language for Visual Reasoning
Alane Suhr, Mike Lewis, James Yeh, and Yoav Artzi
In Proceedings of the Conference of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL), 2017.
Paper: http://yoavartzi.com/pub/slya-acl.2017.pdf  
Supplementary material: http://yoavartzi.com/pub/slya-acl.2017.sup.pdf  


There are three subdirectories, one for each split of the data (train,
development, and public test).

In each of the split directories, there are two items:
  * JSON file, containing the labeled sentences, structured representations,
    and identifiers which can be used to match the example with its six PNG
    permutations.
  * images subdirectory, containing the PNG images.

JSON files:
  Each line includes one example, represented as a JSON object. The fields are:
    * sentence: the sentence from the first stage of data collection.
    * identifier: a two-part identifier, in the form n-m, where n is the
                  identifier for the original presentation in the first stage
                  of data collection (there are at most four examples in the
                  set which has this number), and m is the position in the
                  original presentation (0 = A, 1 = B, 2 = C, 3 = D). 
                   
                  This identifier is used to match examples in this file with
                  images in the images subdirectory. The image names are in the
                  format split-n-m-k.png, where 0 <= k <= 5 (representing the
                  six permutations of the boxes), and "split" is the split name
                  (train, dev, test).
    * label: the final label for the example, true or false.
    * structured_rep: the structured representation of the image, which is a
                      list of length three. For each item in this list, which
                      represents a box, there is another list of items (up to
                      length eight). For each item, there is an x and y
                      position (x_loc and y_loc), a type (the name of the
                      shape), a color, and a size.
    * evals: the set of validations done in the second stage of data
             collection. This is a dictionary mapping a rater identifier to
             their validation. The rater identifiers persist across all splits;
             i.e., rater r0 in train is the same rater as rater r0 in dev. 
             
             This is NOT the final label for the example. The final label is in
             the field "label".

Image subdirectories:
  These contain numbered subdirectories, each containing up to 1000 PNGs each.
  For the training and development splits, these subdirectories can be used as
  cross-validation splits -- all examples originally presented together are in
  the same numbered subdirectory, and all six images for an example are in the
  same numbered subdirectory.
  
  For example, an example whose identifier is 72-0 has the PNGs 72-0-0 through 
  72-0-5. If all six of these PNGs are the numbered subdirectory 5, then the
  PNGs for examples 72-1, 72-2, and 72-3 are also in subdirectory 5. This is
  done to prevent information (either about the original presentation of the
  four examples or about the permutations of a specific example) from leaking
  between cross-validation splits.

